Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[electronic beeping]
[siren wailing]
[man]
I've been working
alone for a long time.
4.455 days.
12 hours. 19 minutes.
But who's counting?
I never asked
who I'm working for.
Asking will only
get me into trouble.
And I don't want
any trouble these days.
Everybody knows a good hit man
takes no prisoners.
tells no lies and leaves
without a trace. right?
Except I've never been
that good at the whole
leaving without a trace thing.
I usually leave
a pretty big fucking trace.
When I was a kid. I wasn't
very good at a lot of things.
I wasn't good
at football or soccer.
I think everybody has
one thing they're good at.
One superpower.
[light music]
My superpower is that
I'm really good at
letting other people
make my decisions for me.
Because the way I look at life.
if I don't have to
make my own decisions.
then I can't make any mistakes.
And if I can't make
any mistakes. then I win.
And deep down. we all just
want to be winners. right?
-[screams]
-[glass shattering]
[grunting]
[light music]
-[screams]
-[grunts]
[glass shattering]
[grunts]
[screams]
[light music continues]
[moans]
[gun fires]
-[screams]
-[gun fires]
[gun firing]
[grunts]
[moans]
[glass shattering]
[screams]
[upbeat music]
[glass shattering]
[grunts]
[upbeat music continues]
[screams]
[grunts]
[moans]
[siren wailing in distance]
[synthesizer music]
[man]
You want to know why I go
by the name. The Badger?
Because my real name is Dean...
and that's like.
the most uncool name ever.
Dean. The hit man.
Plus. badgers are ferocious.
They'll bite the testicles
off a grizzly bear
if they're cornered...
or at least that's what I heard.
But that's not
how I got the name.
My wife gave me that name
before she died.
No. I didn't kill her.
I sure wanted to sometimes...
but cancer got her first.
[woman yelling in distance]
Being a hit man
is not as exciting
as I thought it would be.
[siren wailing in distance]
Most of the time
I'm just waiting around.
Sometimes I wait for weeks
and then I only work for.
like. 15 minutes. and it's over.
It gives me
way too much time to think.
You wouldn't believe some
of the crazy shit I think about.
Like. who killed the Kennedys?
Can people time travel
in the future?
Are we all living in a hologram?
Are aliens real?
Well. personally.
I think they are.
You'd have to be a moron
to think that a bunch
of monkeys with guns
were the highest forms
of intelligence in the universe.
[phone ringing]
[man over phone]
Is this the man
they called The Badger?
Yeah. that might be me.
[man over phone]
It's kind of a funny name.
Badger. no?
[Dean]
Well. "Wolverine"
was already taken. so.
[man laughs]
[man over phone]
And he has a sense of humor.
Do I like this guy?
Okay. Badger.
Someone wants to talk to you.
[man 2 over phone]
Okay. Guess what
they want you to do next?
This is Marcella Horvathova.
She's the closest thing
Vasily has to family.
He kidnapped her
when she was 13. Sick fuck.
We need you to make contact
and find out everything
you can about her.
We'll place you across
the street from her apartment.
But you can start here.
She's the girl
in the upper right-hand corner.
You can find her online
most nights down at 10:00 p.m.
It's an easy job for The Badger.
You have a little fun
while you're at in.
[upbeat music playing]
[typing]
Velvet.
From Czechoslovakia.[chuckles]
[typing]
I'm 19.
No.
[typing]
Yes.[chuckles]
-Yes.
-[typing]
-I like them all.
I can't tell you that.
No.
[typing]
[siren wailing in distance]
[crows cawing]
[indistinct chatter]
[man]
Because you're--
because you're working for him.
-[Marcella] No.
I don't know you.
-Look at my eyes.
-You respect me.
-[Marcella] You know what?
Fuck you!
-You're scaring me.
-What do you do? I'm not scary.
Let go off me!
Let me go! Let me go!
What the fuck you want?
[gasping for air]
[dog growling]
[Dean]
Come on. Back up.
So. where are you from?
Slovakia.
How long you've been here?
[blows]
Long enough.
[knock on door]
[blows]
[man]
Marcella?
-[knock on door]
-Marcella?
[speaking in foreign language]
-[man] Marcella!
-[banging on door]
Marcella!
[Dean]
So. is that your boyfriend?
[Marcella]
No. he's my brother.
[Dean]
What's his deal?
He was a drug addict
for. like. ten years.
Now he thinks
he is Jesus or something.
What happened to your hand?
I just scraped it up.
Does it hurt?
No. Not really.
Did you know
there is already 7.3 billion
people in the world?
No wonder I feel so alone.
[Dean]
Let's go.
He threatened to kill me.
[thudding]
[Marcella moans]
[panting]
Hi.
[chuckles] You're back.
[typing]
[chuckles softly] Yeah.
I have different hair.
I have a new look.
This is my Hollywood
changing room look.
And this is how
a Hollywood star would move.
[typing]
I know you want this.
[moans]
[siren wailing in distance]
Velvet.
[seagulls squawking]
MJ. go to bed.
MJ-51. go.
Go to your bed.
No? Alright.
Oh!
Mm. [chuckles]
-How old is he?
-Yeah. I don't know.
You know.
I used to have a dog once.
[chuckles]
[electronic beeping]
[Dean]
Intel?
Don't tell me
I'm working for a cartel.
How do you expect me to do that?
[sighs]
Fuck you.
[typing]
It was 12 years ago
when my wife got sick.
I was on my third tour overseas.
She didn't tell me
she was ill or how bad it was.
She didn't want anybody to know.
I found out she was dead
when I got home...
when I was still at the airport.
I haven't talked
to a woman in 12 years.
[Marcella]
I know you want this.
[moans]
[siren wailing in distance]
-[siren wailing in distance]
-[playing with the lighter]
[man]
Don't go there!
You fucker!
[music box chiming]
[siren wailing in distance]
[seagulls squawking]
[birds chirping]
[Marcella inhales and exhales]
[Marcella]
I like it up here.
I like the wind.
So free.
-[Dean] Sky is the limit.
-[chuckles softly]
[indistinct chatter]
[Marcella chuckling]
[Marcella]
Do you know that there are
more stars in the universe...
than there are grains of sand
on all the beaches
in the whole world?
[Dean]
Wow.
That's so crazy. Yeah.
[Marcella]
Yeah.
We're just
tiny specks of stardust.
So incredibly insignificant.
[dramatic music]
[dramatic music continues]
-[gun clicks]
-[Dean] See. right here.
[gun clicks]
[laughing]
Oh! Yeah! [laughing]
[chuckles]
Oh!
You can't come in here!
-[bangs on door]
-[Dean] Let me in.
No! [chuckles]
-No. No. no. no. no!
-[banging on door]
-[chuckles]
-Let me in.
No. I won't let you in.
-Stay there.
-I'm allowed in. Let me in.
-[panting]
-[banging on door]
-Okay. Let me in.
-[panting]
Hey.
Let me in.
Velvet. let me in.
Velvet.
[crying]
[Marcella moans]
[Marcella moaning]
[glass shattering]
[chuckling]
[electronic beeping]
[typing]
[Dean]
I fucking knew it.
[typing]
Fuck. Fuck!
[suspenseful music]
[loud traffic sounds]
[upbeat music playing]
[guns firing]
[crowd screaming]
[gun firing]
-[gun firing]
-[glass shattering]
[gun firing]
-[screaming]
-[guns firing]
[guns firing]
[tense music]
[gun fires]
[sirens wailing]
[snaps fingers]
Back to your bed.
Good dog.
[blows]
Where did you go last night?
Just had some work
to catch up on.
What kind of work do you do?
[electronic beeping]
[typing]
[suspenseful music]
[upbeat music playing]
Where are you going?
-[screams]
-[both grunting]
[gun fires]
[people screaming]
[gun firing]
[music box chiming]
[birds chirping]
Don't you feel bad
about killing people?
No. I don't.
[suspenseful music]
See...
It's my hand sends them
on their next journey.
God's hand will send me on mine.
[mouthing]
[siren wailing in distance]
[sighs deeply]
-[banging on door]
-[man] Police! Open up!
[indistinct radio chatter]
[sighs]
[dramatic music]
[growls]
[muffled talking]
[chuckles] What do you mean
what happened to me?
[typing]
Yes. I'm okay.
I am fine.
Well. maybe I'm not fine.
but in the world of Velvet...
I make everything fine.
[sniffs]
[woman laughing]
[upbeat music playing
in the background]
[scoffs]
Where the fuck have you been?
Please.
[thudding]
[panting] No.
[both speak in foreign language]
[Vasily]
You like that. huh?
[dramatic music]
[moans]
I want you to...
Or never forget who you are.
Huh? You understand me?
Yes.
[moans]
[upbeat music playing
in the background]
[indistinct chatter]
[speaks in foreign language]
[glasses clanging]
[upbeat music continues]
[dramatic music]
[Dean]
I've always wondered
where thoughts come from.
It's like somebody
hits a download button.
and they come flooding in
from a quadrillion miles away.
And then it takes a while
to process them.
If you process them too quickly.
you can make mistakes.
And if you don't
process them quick enough.
sometimes they disappear.
But sometimes
they never disappear.
They'll haunt you till your
grave if you don't act on them.
I don't believe in redemption.
I don't think
you're going to erase your past
by forgiving yourself.
But I do believe in revenge.
[typing]
And sometimes
revenge and redemption...
can look awfully similar.
[dial tone]
[female voice]
Your call has been forwarded
to an automatic
voice message system.
-At the tone.
please record your message.
-[beeping]
[Dean]
Hey. pick up your phone.
You wanted to know
what I did for a living. well...
this is me.
I'm in town on a contract
and I leave in ten days.
But before I go.
I just need to know one thing.
Do you want to know what
it feels like to truly be free?
Because if you do...
I can show you.
[music box chiming]
[female voice]
Erase this message.
To erase this message
press seven.
to save it press nine. To hear
more options. press zero.
[blows]
[music box chiming]
[gasps]
[sighs]
[breathes deeply]
I'm done with all this.
you piece of shit.
So stay the fuck away from me.
You don't own me anymore.
Well. well. well. well. well.
[scoffs]
Then why are you here?
Because I wanted to see the look
in your eyes when I told you.
[sniffs]
You're going to pay now
for everything
you've done to me. Vasily.
[scoffs] It's a kill-
or-be-killed world. Marcella.
[both speak in foreign language]
Yes. it is. That's why...
I'm always the one with the gun.
-No. Vasily.
-[laughing]
[Dean]
Anybody comes out that door.
I want you to shoot them.
-[gun clicks]
-We're going to be like God
in the Old Testament.
What if I don't believe in God?
It's okay. I don't either.
I believe in reincarnation.
I think I was a bird
in my past life.
When I was a kid. I always
had dreams I was flying.
[tense music]
What are you doing here?
[grunting]
[moans]
-[gun fires]
-[moans]
[grunting]
-[gun fires]
-[screams]
-[moans]
[gun firing]
[gun fires]
[grunts]
-[moans]
-[gun fires]
[guns firing]
[gun fires]
[gun firing in distance]
[gun firing]
[gun clicks]
[Dean]
You did really good
out there tonight. you know?
[Marcella]
Why?
[Dean]
I thought you might run away.
[Marcella]
I'm tired of running.
[gun clicks]
[Dean]
Stay with me...
and I promise you
you'll never have to run again.
[dramatic music]
[guns firing]
[gun firing]
[gun fires]
[guns firing]
What do you think
happens after we die?
I think this is
all just a dream.
When we die we just wake up.
Where?
Some place we can't
possibly imagine.
I think...
when we die...
we're going to the future.
It'll be a better place.
Except for the robots.
[chuckles] I hate robots.
[electronic beeping]
[upbeat music]
[siren wailing in distance]
What's your favorite movie?
Death Wish V.
[blows]
[upbeat music]
[guns firing]
[somber music]
[blows]
Who are those people?
[Dean]
They're members
of a child pornography ring.
They're bringing kids
out of Eastern Europe.
Do you think
she's going to be okay?
Yeah. she'll be okay.
Police will
take her to the hospital
and put her in a new home.
She'll be alright.
[sighs]
Who are you working for?
Well. that's a secret. I'm not
allowed to talk about it.
Why can't you tell me?
Well. it's a secret. so.
I want to get paid.
[blows]
[suspenseful music]
[electronic beeping]
[phone ringing]
[man over phone]
I just heard
the girl is still alive.
What the fuck are you doing?
You're trying
to get me killed or something?
I'm taking care of it tonight.
She'll be dead by morning.
[man]
She fucking better be.
[mysterious music]
[moaning]
[train whistle blows]
-Turn around and walk out.
-[exhales]
Go.
You too.
[tense music]
[grunting]
[gun fires]
[guns firing]
[moans]
[gun fires]
[guns firing]
-[moans]
-[guns firing]
[guns firing]
[suspenseful music]
[Marcella]
You knew. didn't you?
You've always known who I was.
You're DEAN1981.
You're the guy
from the chat room.
I saw it on your pill bottles.
[door shuts]
[dramatic music]
What the fuck are you doing?
You junkie!
[muffled scream]
Let me go!
Oh. my God!
-[banging]
-Please! Please!
[dramatic music continues]
[siren wailing in distance]
[Marcella]
I have different hair.
[muffled dialogue]
[Marcella]
You're going to pay now
for everything
you've done to me. Vasily.
[Vasily]
It's a kill-
or-be-killed world. Marcella.
[Dean]
Stay with me...
and I promise you
you'll never have to run again.
-[Vasily] I'm always
the one with the gun.
-[Marcella] No!
I know you want this.
What the fuck are you doing?
[guns firing]
[moans]
-[back-up alarm]
-[man 1] Let's go! Move it!
Let's go!
What are you guys
walking around for? Hustle!
[man 2]
16 clear!
[man 3]
Take this upstairs.
[man 4]
Alright. Pack up.
[man 1]
Big box. small box. let's go!
[suspenseful music]
[grunting]
Let's go! Move!
Box up the truck.
Move it.
Let's go! Move!
[suspenseful music]
[suspenseful music continues]
[man]
Hey!
[screams]
-[moans]
-[gun fires]
[alarm blaring]
[guns firing]
[gun firing]
-[gun firing]
-[gun clicks]
[screams]
[moans]
[saw whirring]
[alarm keeps blaring]
[screaming]
-[upbeat rock music]
-[glass shattering]
[moans]
[suspenseful music]
[man grunting]
[moans]
[grunts]
[screams]
[panting]
[screaming]
[suspenseful music]
[gun firing]
[gun fires]
[pulls the zipper]
[dramatic music]
[upbeat rock music]
[dial tone]
[upbeat rock music continues]
You should keep
your door locked. bitch.
Where the fuck is my money?
[gun fires]
-[gun fires]
-[moans]
[gun fires]
[dramatic music]
[birds chirping]
[Dean]
I don't believe in redemption.
I don't think
you're going to erase your past
by forgiving yourself.
But I do believe in revenge.
And sometimes
revenge and redemption....
can look awfully similar.
[dramatic music]
I think everybody
has one thing they're good at.
One superpower.
My superpower is that
I'm really good at
letting other people
make my decisions for me.
Because the way
I look at life...
if I don't have to
make my own decisions...
then I can't make any mistakes.
And if I can't make
any mistakes. then I win.
And deep down we all
just want to be winners. right?
[electronic beeping]
[siren wailing in distance]
[phone ringing]
[electronic beeping
and phone ringing continue]
[upbeat rock music]